Allow skypilot to configure step or run full pipeline in one VM (#2276)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/stacks-and-components/component-guide/orchestrators/skypilot-vm.md

The SkyPilot VM Orchestrator allows you to configure resources for each step individually. This means you can specify different VM types, CPU and memory requirements, and even use spot instances for certain steps while using on-demand instances for others.

> By default, the orchestrator will use the resources specified in the orchestrator settings for each step and make sure that the VMs are provisioned with the appropriate resources. However, you can disable this behavior by setting the `disable_step_based_settings` parameter to `True` in the orchestrator configuration. You can do this using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no step-specific settings are specified, the orchestrator will use the resources specified in the orchestrator settings for each step and run the entire pipeline in one VM. If step-specific settings are specified, an orchestrator VM will be spun up first, which will subsequently spin out new VMs dependant on the step settings. You can disable this behavior by setting the `disable_step_based_settings` parameter to `True` in the orchestrator configuration, using the following command:
```
